# Air Liners

"Imagine a human body passing through air, leaving behind it, very briefly,
a human-shaped tunnel. A hand would make a five-fingered tunnal as it traveled.
But since the air we move through is a dense mix of particles and creatures --
dust, spores, bacteria -- as our skin passes through this thick mixture, it
leaves behind a fleeting electrical wake made of charged molecules."

   -- from "Air Liners" by [Sharona Muir][sm], appearing in [Unstuck #1][un].

[sm]: http://www.sharonamuir.com/
[un]: http://www.unstuckbooks.org/issue-1

Air Liners is a free, open-source, algorithmic sculpture built with quil. It is
generated by orbiting the air liners around a common central point. The time
axis of the simulation becomes the z dimension of the sculpture.

## Usage

Clone this repo somewhere. In the repo, `mkdir export`. Then run `lein run -m`.
This will start the animation and export process (the model is serialized to
disk progressively while the sketch is running). After it's gone on for, oh, ten
or fifteen seconds, click on the sketch to ensure it has focus, and then press
your 'q' key. The sketch will stop, at which point it can be safely closed. The
mesh for your model will be put in `export/air-liners.obj`. Note that if you run
the sketch again, this file WILL BE ERASED. It's up to you to look at each mesh
and give the file a meaningful name if you want to keep it.

While the Makerbot replicator I'm using to print these doesn't take .obj files,
the .obj format is a simple format that is widely parseable by 3D editors and
such. I just load it up in blender, tweak scales a little if I need to, and then
export to STL and print.

## License

Copyright © 2012 Dan Lidral-Porter

Distributed under the GNU General Public License. See COPYING.
